README.md, before:

<br />
<p align="center">
  <h3 align="center">Cryptum SDK</h3>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About Project](#about-project)
- [Starting](#starting)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Requirements for install](#requirements-for-install)
    - [Language used](#language-used)
    - [Commons Steps](#commons-steps)
  - [How To Use](#how-to-use)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Authentication](#authentication)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## About Project

This project aims make an integration between [RecipePuppy](http://www.recipepuppy.com/about/api/) and [Giphy](https://developers.giphy.com/).

## Starting
### Installation
#### Requirements for install

- NPM installed
- Node version: ^14.17.0
#### Language used

- Javascript
#### Commons Steps

Open your project
```
cd my-amazing-project/
```

Install using npm manager or yarn
```
npm install cryptum-sdk
yarn add cryptum-sdk
```
### How To Use

Below is an short description using code how you can use cryptum-sdk to integrate your amazing application with us.
#### Configuration

To configure cryptum-sdk you need only provide an config in format JSON.
```
const CryptumSDK = require('cryptum-sdk')

const cryptum = new CryptumSDK({
  config: {
    enviroment: 'development',
  },
})
```

To see environments available you can see here:
| Environments available |
|------------------------|
| development            |
| production             |
#### Authentication

Cryptum sdk was made for you to use its respective controllers, you need only instantiate and use yours methods 🚀

```
const credentials = { email: 'your@email.com', password: 'secret' }
const userController = cryptum.getUserController()

userController.auth(credentials).then(user => console.log(user))
// Log your UserCryptum
```

ps.: If your credentials are invalid, the Cryptum sdk return an exception.

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community an incredible place to learn, inspire and create. Any contribution you make will be **much appreciated**.
1. Make a project Fork
2. Create a Branch for your feature (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Insert your changes (`git add .`)
4. Make a commit with your changes (`git commit -m 'feat(<folder-name>): Inserting a Amazing Feature !`)
5. Push the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
6. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

Blockforce - [SITE](https://blockforce.in/) - **HELLO@BLOCKFORCE.IN**

Commit message:

docs(readme): removed other project about and insert cryptum-sdk about

README.md, after:

<br />
<p align="center">
  <h3 align="center">Cryptum SDK</h3>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About Project](#about-project)
- [Starting](#starting)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Requirements for install](#requirements-for-install)
    - [Language used](#language-used)
    - [Commons Steps](#commons-steps)
  - [How To Use](#how-to-use)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Authentication](#authentication)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## About Project

This project is to provide an integration with the Cryptum backend. This project calls Cryptum terminals using Clean Architecture and NodeJS.
## Starting
### Installation
#### Requirements for install

- NPM installed
- Node version: ^14.17.0
#### Language used

- Javascript
#### Commons Steps

Open your project
```
cd my-amazing-project/
```

Install using npm manager or yarn
```
npm install cryptum-sdk
yarn add cryptum-sdk
```
### How To Use

Below is an short description using code how you can use cryptum-sdk to integrate your amazing application with us.
#### Configuration

To configure cryptum-sdk you need only provide an config in format JSON.
```
const CryptumSDK = require('cryptum-sdk')

const cryptum = new CryptumSDK({
  config: {
    enviroment: 'development',
  },
})
```

To see environments available you can see here:
| Environments available |
|------------------------|
| development            |
| production             |
#### Authentication

Cryptum sdk was made for you to use its respective controllers, you need only instantiate and use yours methods 🚀

```
const credentials = { email: 'your@email.com', password: 'secret' }
const userController = cryptum.getUserController()

userController.auth(credentials).then(user => console.log(user))
// Log your UserCryptum
```

ps.: If your credentials are invalid, the Cryptum sdk return an exception.

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community an incredible place to learn, inspire and create. Any contribution you make will be **much appreciated**.
1. Make a project Fork
2. Create a Branch for your feature (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Insert your changes (`git add .`)
4. Make a commit with your changes (`git commit -m 'feat(<folder-name>): Inserting a Amazing Feature !`)
5. Push the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
6. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

Blockforce - [SITE](https://blockforce.in/) - **HELLO@BLOCKFORCE.IN**
